Then tell me where the sword master is
I'm going to find someone to rob
If you kneel down and apologize to my mother
Then drive Li Dongjie's mother and son out of the Li family
I will personally take action and invite the Sword Master to you.
Enough Li Wushuang
Do you think you are bragging like this?
Can you get the inheritance of the Li family?
Sister Li Dong, don't use your cognition to measure me
In your eyes, the Li family is like Haoyue
It's nothing in my eyes
Well, since you don't care
What are you doing back here?
This old man is dying
My mom is coming back to give him a ride
And the one that belongs to me
I want it back, penny for penny.
At least it won't be cheap, you mother and son
Okay, stop arguing.
nonsense
Is it true that you say you know where the money is?
I have already offered the conditions.
Whether you know or not depends on your performance
outrageous
How dare you threaten your father
It's really a short dream
Filial piety is gone
Like, it doesn't matter if you're poor.
As long as you have dignity
You are still human
But you are not only incapable
It also relies on bragging brush to exist
Even contradicting his critically ill father
You're not even human
Do the hard work of others
Do not persuade others to be kind
Tang Xue, you are not qualified to talk to me like this
What? I'm not qualified
I single-handedly pushed the Tang family to fame
And you're just a chop selling fried noodles on the street
How dare you talk to me
I really doubt it.
Do you really have a face?
Appeared at our wedding
Without a doubt
I will surprise you.
Do you have the ability to surprise me?
We'll see.
Ok stop arguing
Call a family meeting immediately
I want to decide the successor of the board of directors